Add `Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025: Registrations Now Open!` news post (#13226)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-05-05-squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025-registrations-now-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2025: Registrations Now Open!"
date: 2025-05-06 12:00:00 +0000
---

Calling all drum smashers once again — after two years of inactivity, the Squad Global Taiko Showdown is now back for its third and final edition!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-05-05-squad-global-taiko-showdown-2025-registrations-now-open/banner.jpg)

> The [Squad Global Taiko Showdown](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2075637) has been osu!taiko's premier teamtournament, in terms of offering a tournament where all players are entirely free to choose their teammates, for a 3v3 tournament with teams from **3 to 6** players!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Squad Global Taiko Showdown](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2075637) has been osu!taiko's premiere team tournament, in terms of offering a tournament where all players are entirely free to choose their teammates, for a 3v3 tournament with teams from **3 to 6** players!
```
